
    Why is this one of your favorite sites?
    What area of the site is your eye drawn to when looking at the homepage? Stand back further, what area is your eye drawn to now? Is that area the most important area of the site?
    How would you describe the website visually? List 5 adjectives. (i.e. "pretty", "elegant", "simple", "dark", "cluttered", "basic" etc)
    What problem does this website solve? What content does it have?
    What 5 adjectives would you use to describe the content, focus, and purpose of the site? (i.e. "practical", "fun", "whimsical", "silly", "serious" etc) How does that compare to the adjectives you used to describe the site visually?
    How easy is it to find what you are looking for from the homepage? How about from another page?
    How easy is it to browse through all the content of the site?
    How do you feel after being on the site for a while? (i.e. "bored", "happy", "anxious or hyper", "like I wasted a lot of time" etc)
    Does the site sell anything? If so, have you purchased any of it? Why or why not?


France 24. com

This is one of my favorite sites because of its content. I am a heavy news reader and I enjoy reading the french perspective on things in the world. My eye is drawn to the watch live link at th top of the page and the breaking news stories at the center of the page.  THe main focus of the website is the center with the picture of the main story. Visually the website tries to add a lot of pictures and links to other material to go deeper into the website. 
Visually: elegant, simple, cluttered, interactive, organized. 
Content: practical, fun, serious, organized, purposeful
THe left sidebar makes navigating the website a lot easier and browsing the site is pretty easy i feel like i get what i came for on the website. This website sells news and i guess i am buying news by having to look at ads?

Fitbit.com

I like this website because of its feel. I use this website because I have a fitbit. My eye is first drawn to the center of the site which introduces another product the Red Flex. The main focus of the site seems to be selling more products or to increase the customer base. Visually the site is soft and easy on the eyes. 
Visually: soft, elegant, beautiful, simple, direct
Content: practical, business, serious, oranized, useful
The top header has a nice organizing section which makes navigating easy. The site is used to sell products (the fitbit) and membership in the fitbit club.

Apple.com

I like this website because of its allure. I use this website because of the products it sells. My eye is first drawn to the background which has a rotating picture of apple main product the Iphone 5S. Th main focus is selling apple products as it should be. 
Visually: powerful, appealing, awesome, beautiful, seductive
COntent: simple, mostly visual, poetic, organised, useful
Again the top header has another organizer for navigating the website. THe site is used to sell apple products which it does convincingly. 

